Adjust linking to new collaboration samples (#16847)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/getting-started/integrations/react-multiroot.md

	The recommended approach for achieving this is based on utilizing the {@link features/autosave autosave plugin}. The second approach involves providing the `onChange` callback, which is called on each editor update.
</info-box>

## How to?

### Using the editor with collaboration plugins

> We provide a few **ready-to-use integration** featuring collaborative editing with multi-root in React applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide several **ready-to-use integration** featuring collaborative editing with multi-root in React applications:
```

* [CKEditor&nbsp;5 multi-root with real-time collaboration features and revision history features](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-collaboration-samples/tree/master/real-time-collaboration-editor-multi-root-for-react)

> It is not mandatory to build applications on top of the above samples, however, they should help you get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not necessary to build applications on top of the above samples, however, they should help you get started.
```
